Add `simplifyHelpers` option in `no-negated-condition` rule (#2653)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/no-negated-condition.md

{{input class=(if condition "some-class" "other-class")}}
```

## Configuration

The following values are valid configuration:

* boolean -- `true` for enabled / `false` for disabled
* object --

>   * `simplifyHelpers` -- boolean - simplify negated helpers like `(not (eq ...))` or `(not (gt ...))`, `true` to enable / `false` to disable (default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `simplifyHelpers` -- boolean - whether to flag and autofix negated helpers like `(not (eq ...))` or `(not (gt ...))` that can be simplified (default `false`) (TODO: enable by default in next major release)
```
